TODO

Bug where if last player raises, it moves on to next game phase

Bug where players able to raise into negative numbers!

I had it all working before refactor but now it has general bugs like blinds getting confused after a few rounds,
players hitting negative numbers, and maybe more

Fixed bug if only two left, Dealer is sb and other player is bb and that works but pin is showing other player as both.
Fixed bug where last player wasn't putting in all in amount, removing 20 dollars from the game
Fixed small bug where all in handler was calced wrong
Fixed bug where last player was being added to combinedPlayers twice (if they were in a combined array).
Fixed bug where if two players had same cards (same array in combinedPlayers) one would steal the others chips, even if neither of them won.
Fixed bug when Ben gets his big blind and only has 2 chips going into it, he puts in 4 and gets -2 pot

Fixed bug where if only two left, bug freezes game after flop check. 
This was because nextPlayersTurn in GameLogic wasn't looping properly and was checking the original game.currentPlayerIndex over and over



For Game model:
get testing working so we can test bugs

Get if small or big blind can only handle a small part of the blind
When he is busted next turn, Max gets both small and big blind




LATER
refactor and do animations + more css stuff
with css, maybe get chips working? Or just generic blob amount moves around
get amount of players and player names working, ie make menus
Get report bug button that captues the game state so we can replicate
Get multiplayer working


COMPLETED
extract return object in a method for handlers so each handler will just return full game state
Doing this, we can add a "game over" state in gamestate and create a this.winners for front end to know winners
After this, we can finally do a new game
Get multiple rounds working
currently when a new round happens and Game.ts deals cards, it's the same order everytime rather than the small blind drawing first
Get players busting working
When Big blind is out, (possibly small blind too) ui isn't properly representing this
get proper raise input working/validation
Get if only 2 or 3 players left working

If everyone but max and blake fold immediately, it's an infinite loop of checking because the lastplayerraise field is unreachable?
Likely need to figure out better way to track last player than lastplayerraise

Handle All ins + side pots
Get if player only can match some of the pot working

I have made a simpler way to grab the 5 most relevant card values.
We'll need to rewrite ContestHands in game.ts
Now we'll need to iterate through the remaining players, sort them by their best hand, 
then sort each group of best hands by the highest of the 5 card value arrays.
Once all players are sorted, if any are truly equal then they tie.
Now we know 1st place, 2nd place, etc we can divvy the pot
The most any player can earn is (their last current bet * number of players left at the end).
Have a paper explaining this.

BIG REFACTOR!:
Talked to chatgpt (lol) and it was saying I shouldn't be mutating global state. First it gave how to do busted players.
Then was saying no mutating global state, that will be too hard to debug for multiplayer. Instead use pure functions.
Look at bottom of file "ARCHITECTURE NOTES FOR REFACTOR" section


ARCHITECTURE NOTES FOR REFACTOR!!:
I was looking at this as a object oriented project. But since it's a game, it's more of a state machine.
OOP is more about models with internal mutable state.
State Machines (functional programming) is more about pure functions transformming game state.
State machines are much better for multiplayer games, especially ones like poker.


